I am not getting my GitHub Actions runner, self hosted locally or GitHub hosted, to properly build my game.  
  
I think it comes down to the fact that the RAM size required to build an executable is above 17Gb, which is the limit for GitHub hosted runners.  
  
I am attempting as we speak to get the runners to work on my local machines, which I have 4 of :  
  
- Kitchen desktop being the least powerful  
- Server which is a perfectly fine i7 6k  
- Laptop which is a i7 10th gen  
- Main desktop which is a i9 12k  
  
I tried all four and had various errors, including :  
  
- Git LFS not being installed (fix: install it on WSL)  
- Docker intégration not working (fix: enable it in Docker settings)  
  
Also I need to mention that I'm using a windows runner, which is mandatory for IL2CPP build for Windows (which is what I need to send to Steam and Itch.io)  
  
I estimate I've invested about 10 hours, probably more, in trying to get the CI part of CI/CD to work. It's my first time doing this.  
  
I think the effort is worth keeping strong. Since CI/CD is an invaluable tool in rapid prototyping and continuous testing.  
  
--- Security concerns  
  
I must protect my GitHub account at all costs, so that means being very strict on where it's allowed to be logged in.  
  
Right now it's logged in on multiple computers, so I should totally log out of them to avoid anything wrong happenning to my account.  
  
--- Source backups  
  
I think it would be a good idea to download and keep an offline copy of the source code, in case a catastrophic failure happens to my GitHub repositories.  
  
--- Wiki notes open source  
  
On a side note, I think it's a good idea to open source my thinking so that people in the future can use this (maybe parsed through an LLM or advanced AI of some sort) to have a better feel of what it's like to develop a game of this magnitude, alone.  
  
--- Using Quartz as Wiki  
  
I think Quartz is perfectly fine for a basic wiki, but it seems like I will eventually reach a point, that if I need an excellent wiki from the standpoints of localisation, interactivity, embedded content, integrations, accessibility, I might need to migrate from Quartz to another solution. Right now, no good alternative comes to my mind.  
  
Also it would be a good idea to separate personal notes and official documentation for the game wiki. Right now everything is kind of mixed together.  
  
-- Unsure about the logo  
  
I'm not too sure about the current logo. It's a skull. Red black and white. Meh. I think I can do better. What? I don't know. Just putting this seed here. Rambling.  
  
--- Login is broken  
  
Currently, login is broken. It is due to a faulty, empty response from the server. This bug is linked to a more structural problem, related to the web server. It uses an ancient, weird way of handling the requests/responses. I think I could make it much better by using ASP.NET Core, or even FastEndpoints (FE). About FE, I tried it in the past and it was okay. Pretty nice, but also has some weird quirks.  
  
--- API 32 no longer supported  
  
Which is a real bummer, since it's my girlfriend's Android version on the cellphone she currently uses.  
  
I hear it's about security and compatibility, which kind of makes sense, but Android is pretty mature by now and I would expect them to allow cellphones that aren't that old to still be able to download new versions of apps. I guess my GF will need to get a new phone.  
  
--- About Apple  
  
I have paid for my Apple developer license fee (100$)... But I have yet to have all of the required things to push an iOS build :  
  
- Time  
- Mac with XCode  
- iOS device to test  
  
My coworkers at the job have iPhones, I've promised to them that they'll be able to play soon™.  
  
--- About Microsoft fees  
  
I received a bill for 60$ for Microsoft services. I was on its free Azure plan... Free isn't free no more. I'll stick to my 5$ Hostinger VPS, thanks Microsoft.  
  
--- About the screen loading time  
  
I have tried to optimise the load time of the app to a maximum, but I wish the splash screen was faster. I guess I can't do much about it. But I really wish I was able to get it down to 1-2 seconds of load time max.  
  
--- About time that I can work on the game  
  
There's very little free time I can work on the game these days. I have about 1 hour of time in the evening but it's not enough to even start any meaningful task. So I'm stuck in planning hell, constantly adjusting what needs to be done without actually getting anything done.  
  
When I work too late, the next mornings, I have trouble getting up and spent about 30 minutes booting up from a lethargic, restless state. I get to job at the point I'm starting to stopping feeling ill from caffeine withdrawal.  
  
At dinners, I have about 20 minutes of free time, which is mostly spent using my cellphone, mindlessly scrolling Facebook (YUCK), which I'm ashamed. I try to avoid Instagram and TikTok since they are much more addicting in nature, and X and Reddit because their content is so shit (no hate to fans of these platforms, I used to be one of them).  
  
When I get back from work, I usually prepare dinner and do various chores. When I sit down to eat, it's already late.  
  
If I could squeeze some efficiency during the day, I would have to find a way to split tasks into very tiny 15 minutes chunks that can be done.  
  
There's a lot of great AI task management tools (Monday, Notion, ClickUp), but they are all paid and I'm already waaaay over budget on this project.  
  
What was initial a 0$ budget turned into many thousands dollars spent on Unity Assets, hosting fees and other various fees. From my own money, which I have very little, being a student that just finished my master's degree with tens of thousands of dollars in student debt. A year later, I'm almost all repaid, but still my head is barely above the water. With inflation, it's even harder to be frugal. I regret a lot of unity assets that I purchased that were useless in the long run.  
  
Money and time being the biggest two constraints, and of which both I have very little, the game is advancing at a snails pace, which is a terrible bummer because every day that passes I feel like people will have moved on and not take much interest in the game.  
  
I strongly value my abilities to make a fun game, but yet I see many triple A and indie studios struggling and shutting down. People are burnt out by the news and drama and don't have much will to play.  
  
So now I am trying to figure out how to better spend my time, I've already done conscious effort of trying to minimize idle time.  
  
I think it comes down to two things :  
- Break tasks into bite sized chunks, which can be paused and resumed at will.  
- Find time in the early morning, instead of late at night.  
  
Working late at night is awesome, and it can't be understated the trance-like 3 AM coding clarity that hits you. It's like being on concentration drugs. But then, when the morning comes and you must absolutely be there, it hits hard. I think working in the morning has the advantage that you can't really "work a little bit more" until the birds start chirping. You are eventually forced to quit and go work. There is a hard deadline.  
  
I'm just speculating, because I don't know, I've never tried it. I've always been a night person.  
  
--- About AI writers